chore: bump @progress/wct-a11y-spec from 2.12.0 to 2.13.0 in /src-a11y (#2149)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/stepper/accessibility/wai-aria-support.md

| `.k-stepper` | `role=navigation` or `nodeName=nav` | The landmark role `navigation` must be assigned to the component. |
| `.k-step-disabled>.k-step-link` | `aria-disabled=true` | A disabled (inactive) link. |
| `.k-step-current>.k-step-link` | `aria-current=step` | The currently selected link. |

> | `.k-step.k-focus .k-step-link` | `tabindex=0` | Add element to the page Tab sequence. Set based on the Roving tabindex navigation when the tab is focused. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `.k-step.k-focus .k-step-link` | `tabindex=0` | Adds an element to the page Tab sequence. Set based on the roving tabindex navigation when the tab is focused. |
```
